#ident	"@(#)bkrs:common/cmd/bkrs/rbasic.d/Help	1.2"
#ident	"$Header: $"

ABSTRACT: Restore Service
	The Restore From Removable Media Menu enables you to restore files
	to your hard disk that were backed up to removable media. You can
	restore files from your HOME directory as well as system files that
	were backed up. You must have system administration privileges to
	perform a system restore.
	
	The items on the Restore From Removable Media Menu are:
	
	Personal Restore:  You can restore all of your own files
	(directories or regular files) or selectively restore particular
	files that were backed up from your HOME directory.
	
	System Restore:  You can restore all files or selectively
	restore specific files that were backed up.  You can do a
	restore from system backup, do a selective system restore, or
	restore other user files. You must have system administration
	privileges to do this.

TITLE: Restore Service
        
personal:Personal Restore:Restore Files under <HOME directory>
        You can restore all of your own files (directories or
        regular files) or selectively restore particular
        files that were backed up from your HOME directory.

personal:restoreusr:Restore Files under <HOME directory>
        You can restore all files (directories or regular
        files).

personal:restoresel:Selective Restore of Files under <HOME directory>
        Performs a restore of specified files (directories or regular
        files) that were backed up from your HOME directory.

personal:restorecontents:Contents of removable media
        The Contents of Removable Media Menu enables you to select
        the files you wish to restore.

        Move to the files you wish to restore, then press the
        MARK function key. When your selection is completed,
        press RETURN.

system:System Restore:
        You can restore all files or selectively
        restore specific files that were backed up.  You can do a
        restore from system backup, do a selective system restore, or
        restore other user files.

selectremovablemedia: Select Removable Media
        The Select Removable Media Menu allows you to
        select the appropriate device from which to perform
        the restore.

Menu.system:selectiverestore:Selective System Restore
        You can select specific system files
        or other user files to be restored.

Menu.system:restore:Restore System
        Restore all files from a system or
        incremental backup.

overwrite:Overwrite of Files:
        If you enter No, existing files of the same name will not be
        overwritten by those on the archive unless the archive
        versions are newer.  If you enter Yes all selected files will
        be restored.

