#ident	"@(#)oamintf:common/cmd/oamintf/sched/Help	1.2"
#ident	"$Header: $"

ABSTRACT:
	The subcommands in the "schedule automated task" menu provide
	functions for you to manage cron entries.
	Using these commands you may add, change, delete or display
	cron entries.

add.Help:adding a scheduled task.
	This task will setup a task to be scheduled through cron.

change.Help:changing a scheduled task.
	This task will change a task that have been previously
	been scheduled through cron.

change.Help.select:Change Scheduled Task
        This task will change a task that has been previously
        scheduled through cron. Move the cursor
        to the task you want and press ENTER.
 
delete.Help.select:Delete Scheduled Task
        This task will delete tasks that have been previously
        scheduled through cron. Mark the tasks you want to
        delete using the MARK function key and press ENTER.

delete.Help:delete a scheduled task.
	This task will delete task(s) that have been previously scheduled.

display.Help:display a scheduled task.
	This task will display the tasks that have been previously
	been scheduled through cron.

Form.add:month:month.
	Enter the month(s) of the year that the task will be performed in.

Form.add:daym:day of the month.
	Enter the day(s) of the month.

Form.add:dayw:day of the week.
	Enter the day(s) of the week.

Form.add:hour:hour of the day.
	Enter the Hour(s) of the day.

Form.add:minute:minutes past the hour.
	Enter the minute(s) past the Hour.

Form.add:task:task to schedule.
	Enter the task (ie command) that you want to schedule.

Form.chg:month:month of the year.
	Enter the month(s) of the year that the task will be performed in.

Form.chg:daym:day of the month.
	Enter the day(s) of the month.

Form.chg:dayw:day of the week.
	Enter the day(s) of the week.

Form.chg:hour:hour of the day.
	Enter the Hour(s) of the day.

Form.chg:minute:minutes past the hour.
	Enter the minute(s) past the Hour.

Form.chg:task:task to schedule.
	Enter the new task (ie command) that you want to schedule.

