.ident	"@(#)proto:locale/C/menus/help/destpart	1.3"
.related kbhelp genhelp
.title Help: Destructive Installation
ABOUT THIS OPTION
This menu is displayed when you are performing a destructive
installation:

*  If you have, or plan to install, multiple operating systems
   on your computer, select "Display a Screen to View/Change
   Current Disk Configuration."

*  If your computer is going to be used exclusively for your
   UnixWare 2 operating system, select "Use Entire Disk for
   UnixWare 2 (Erases All Partitions)."

*  If you think that a nondestructive installation should be
   possible, select "Cancel Installation and Shut Down System."
                                   (CONTINUED)
.page
DESTRUCTIVE INSTALLATION
A destructive installation erases all existing data in the partition
where UnixWare is installed.  You can choose how your entire disk is
partitioned.  However, if the size or cylinder location of any
existing partition is changed, then its contents are also erased.

NONDESTRUCTIVE INSTALLATIONS
A nondestructive installation allows you to replace an existing
UnixWare system while preserving user files, installed applications,
and selected system files.
                                   (CONTINUED)
.page
NONDESTRUCTIVE INSTALLATIONS (CONTINUED)
The following must be true to perform a nondestructive installation:

*  Before starting the installation, the partition where you want to
   install UnixWare must be the active partition.

*  An upgradable version of UnixWare, or UnixWare 2, must currently
   be installed in your active partition.

*  The size of the active UNIX partition must be at least 80 MB.

For further details, including instructions on changing your active
partition and a listing of the supported upgradable versions of
UnixWare, see the chapter "Before You Begin" in the Installation
Handbook.
                                   (CONTINUED)
.page
NONDESTRUCTIVE INSTALLATIONS (CONTINUED)
NOTE:  A nondestructive installation that replaces another version
       of UnixWare 2 is called an overlay installation.

       If you are trying to perform an overlay installation and the
       conditions above are met, then your prior system may be
       damaged.  If you can not reboot your prior system, either use
       your emergency recovery media or perform a destructive
       installation.

       For details about emergency recovery capabilities, see the
       System Owner Handbook.

EXITING HELP
Press <Esc> to return to the Destructive Installation menu.
Press <F1> for more help.
