.ident	"@(#)proto:locale/C/menus/help/filesys	1.9"
.related kbhelp genhelp initdisk
.title Help: File System Configuration
ABOUT THIS OPTION
Select this option to check and change how file systems are
configured.  (A description of each file system is presented
later in this help message.)

CAUTIONS:  If you delete any file system(s), all files in the
           deleted file system(s) are destroyed.

           If you change the type or size of a file system, all
           files in that file system are destroyed.

           Backup your system before changing partitions or file
           systems.
Unless you are an experienced system administrator, consult the
Installation Handbook before changing file system allocations.
                                   (CONTINUED)
.page
USING THIS OPTION
The File Systems option has three fields you can edit: Type,
Size, and Disk (if more than one hard disk is present).

Do the following to change the Type or Disk:
    1.  Use the <Tab> or up/down arrow keys to move to the
        desired field.
    2.  Press <F2> to view the choices for that field.
    3.  Use the <Tab> or up/down arrow keys to move the asterisk
        (*) to your choice.
    4.  After selecting your choice, press <Enter> to return to
        the File Systems menu.
                                   (CONTINUED)
.page
USING THIS OPTION (CONTINUED)
Do the following to change the Size:
    1.  Use the <Tab> or up/down arrow keys to move to the
        desired field.
    2.  Type in the value.
                                   (CONTINUED)
.page
FILE SYSTEMS
File systems are used to divide the active partition of your
hard disk into smaller sections.  This allows you to limit, for
example, the size of the users' home directories.  The following
file systems are available:
        Root (/)                   User (/home)
        Swap (/dev/swap)       2nd User (/home2)
        Boot (/stand)          Add-ons (/var)
                              Temporary (/tmp and /var/tmp)
                                    usr (/usr)
                                   Dump (/dev/dump)
                    VxVM Private Volume (/dev/volprivate)
                             ALTS TABLE
The Root, Swap, Boot, and ALTS TABLE file systems cannot
be deleted; you can add or delete other file systems.
                                   (CONTINUED)
.page
ROOT FILE SYSTEM
This is the foundation (root) of the UnixWare operating
system.  It requires most of the disk in the simplest
configuration.

BOOT FILE SYSTEM
This file system holds the system startup files.  It
must be 5 MB or greater and must be a bfs file system type.

SWAP SLICE
This slice contains the data that runs the machine.  The
swap slice should be two times the size of your RAM.
Since this slice does not contain files, the file system
type must be designated as 'slice'.
                                   (CONTINUED)
.page
HOME FILE SYSTEM
This file system is used to hold users' files.
Creating this file system helps ensure that users don't
deplete all the space in the root file system.

If you have a second disk, the default setup creates
the user file system on the secondary disk.

2ND HOME FILE SYSTEM
This file system is used to hold an additional set of users'
files.  It is used when there are two  different groups of
users and ensures that both user groups have their own area.
                                   (CONTINUED)
.page
ADD-ONS FILE SYSTEM
This file system creates a place for data files used by
add-on packages and administration. 

TEMPORARY FILE SYSTEMS
These file systems are used as a place to hold temporary
files.  The /tmp and /var/tmp directories are available to
any user.  Using this temporary storage space helps avoid
file space problems on the root file system.

USR FILE SYSTEM
This file system contains the executables and some of the
data files used by application software.
                                   (CONTINUED)
.page
DUMP SLICE
This slice has no files but provides a storage area where
development or support personnel can store an image of
the running system.  The dump slice should be the size
of your RAM and have a slice file system type.

VxVM PRIVATE VOLUME
This slice is reserved for the VERITAS Volume Manager
and must be allocated if you intend to later install the
On-Line Data Manager (an add-on product to the Personal
Edition or Application Server) VERITAS Volume Manager
package.
                                   (CONTINUED)
.page
ALTS TABLE
This slice contains a mapping of the bad blocks to good
blocks and is used by the disk driver.  The ALTS TABLE
slice must be at least one cylinder (1 MB on SCSI systems) 
and have a slice file system type.

TYPE
The following are the choices for the types of file systems:
      vxfs       s5       s52k       ufs

Note: Types are not an option for the boot, swap, dump, and
      ALTS TABLE file systems.
                                   (CONTINUED)
.page
SIZE
A size is automatically assigned to the file system
depending on your hard disk's capacity.  You can change
this size by typing over the displayed size.

Most file systems have a minimum and maximum size.  If you
go beyond these limits, an error message informs you of the
minimum or maximum size.

DISK
This field appears in systems with more than one hard
disk.  Use this field to choose the disk where the file
system will be placed.
                                   (CONTINUED)
.page
DISK (CONTINUED)
If you do not want the file system, leave the Disk field
blank.

EXITING THE FILE SYSTEMS OPTION
When you are finished viewing or changing file system
information, press <F10> to return to the Disk
Configuration menu.

EXITING HELP
Press <Esc> to return to the Disk Configuration menu.
Press <F1> for more help.
